[WIP] Cookbook for Continental Compression with Fault Inheritance (#6476)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/modules/changes/20250619_PrajaktaPMohite.md

> New: A cookbook for continental compression that shows how to include pre-existing faults to help localize strain during continental convergence. It uses strain weakening and visco-plastic behavior to simulate how faults can influence the deformation. The model is based on earlier extension models and focuses on adding fault zones from the start of the simulation to study how they affect the patterns of strain during compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: A cookbook for continental compression that shows how to integrate faults into the initial conditions using the Geodynamic World Builder. 
```
